June 11th Launch (#10255)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/concepts/key-terms/key-terms.mdx

- **Dashboards** - Provide you with a broad overview of your application’s health by allowing you to navigate through error and performance data across multiple projects. Dashboards are made up of one or more widgets, and each widget visualizes one or more **Discover** or **Issues** queries. Learn more in the full [Dashboards documentation](/product/dashboards/).

- **Discover** - Allows you to query events across environments, providing you with visibility into your errors and transactions and unlocking insights into the health of your entire system. The **Discover** page visualizes the results of queries. Learn more in the full [Discover documentation](/product/explore/discover-queries/).

- **Issues** - Displays information about grouped problems in your application. From here, you can go to the **Issue Details** page for a more granular view of any issue. Learn more in the full [Issues documentation](/product/issues/).

> - **Performance** - The main view in [sentry.io](http://sentry.io) where you can search or browse for transaction data. The page displays graphs that visualize transactions or trends, as well as a table where you can view relevant transactions and drill down to more information about them. Learn more in the full [Tracing documentation](/product/performance/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Performance** - A view in [sentry.io](http://sentry.io) where you can search or browse for transaction data. The page displays graphs that visualize transactions or trends, as well as a table where you can view relevant transactions and drill down to more information about them. Learn more in the full [Performance monitoring documentation](/product/performance/).
```
